In this lecture we will learn about keyboard event.
There were three G-mail keyboard events that fire in the following order on key down on key press and
on key up the key down event is fired when the user presses a key down on the keyboard.
Let's add an input element to our Web page to see an example of the on key down event in action.
Next we will specify the input type to be text and add the on key down function.
We assign this event the value of a function name to be fired when the user presses down a key.
Next we will write the function to be called we will get an opening and closing script tag and we'll
create a function that displays an alert that says Auntie down.
Let's go to the web browser and write our code
when we hit a key we will notice that the on key down event is fired when we press the key down which
displays an alert in the web browser.
Then we will go back to the editor the on key press event is fired between the on key down and on key
up event.
If we change the event in our input field to be on key press you will notice that our alert is displayed
when we go to press the key to enter a letter into the input field.
Let's go to the web browser and vote our code as you can see the on key press event is triggered when
we press the key on the keyboard.
Let's jump back to the editor the on Chiappe event is fired when the user releases the key.
If we change the event in our input field to be Anchia the alert will be displayed and we release the
key after typing a letter into the input field.
Let's go to the web browser and write our code when we click and key and release it.
You will notice that the on key event is fired causing an alert to be displayed in the web browser HVM
else.
Keyboard events on key down on key press and on key up are useful and we want to run code when the user
presses a key on the keyboard.
In the next lecture we will learn about mouse events and HMO.